Tatami
It's so они!
I wonder what I'm playing with cheerfully.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Yes, we met last night.
Well, all I can say is...
That just like 4 of us are ill.
Love is a self-illy thing...
Something few telephone outsiders have.
I'm sorry but...
When he died,
I crowned him as awards-winning dance.
So of course,
I'm sure you are
envious.
So here I am.
Here I am.
It's all I want to ask you...
so I'll let you have it.
he told me no other things would ever reach their level.
Instead, he said one might see the light.
I was quite deceived.
In your young age you're always housing the moon.
Yes, I can say that.
I've been with you for three years.
I've been a good boy since I was a child.
I know how you feel.
I'm happy.
I'm so happy.
I've been a good boy since I was a child.
I know how you feel.
I'm happy.
I'm so happy.
What are you talking about?
You've been hiding your feelings from me since you were a child.
Or you're telling me that you have something you like.
I'm so happy.